org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/death/RemovePlantsAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.death.RemovePlantsAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/EnchantersCrystalInfuseAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EnchantersCrystalInfuseAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EnchantersCrystalInfuseAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EnchantersCrystalInfuseAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/vehicles/util/VehicleFacade.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.util.VehicleFacade
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/ItemHelper.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemHelper
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/vehicles/CustomVehicleCreationEntries.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.CustomVehicleCreationEntries
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Lamb.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Lamb
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Lamb$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Sheep.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Sheep
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Sheep$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdAddSleepBonus.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdAddSleepBonus
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/CreatureHelper.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CreatureHelper
com/wurmonline/server/questions/ChangeItemModelQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.ChangeItemModelQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/CreatureTools.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CreatureTools
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/fire/LightFireAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.fire.LightFireAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/ChampionOrbAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.ChampionOrbAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.ChampionOrbAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.ChampionOrbAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdAddAff.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdAddAff
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/JoustAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.JoustAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.JoustAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.JoustAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/DyeDragonArmorAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.DyeDragonArmorAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.DyeDragonArmorAction$DyeAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/MeditationPerks.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MeditationPerks
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/GMUnprotectAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.GMUnprotectAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/TweakApiPerms.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.TweakApiPerms
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/LeaderboardAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.LeaderboardAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.LeaderboardAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.LeaderboardAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/ScrollOfVillageHealAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.ScrollOfVillageHealAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/Compat3D.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.Compat3D
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.Compat3D$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.Compat3D$2
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.Compat3D$3
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.Compat3D$4
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.Compat3D$5
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdCull.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdCull
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/UnequipAllAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.UnequipAllAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.UnequipAllAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.UnequipAllAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/WagonKitPackAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.WagonKitPackAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/SealedMapAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.SealedMapAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.SealedMapAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.SealedMapAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/FriyanTabletAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.FriyanTabletAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.FriyanTabletAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.FriyanTabletAction$2
com/wurmonline/server/questions/TownPortalQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.TownPortalQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/SorceryCombineAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.SorceryCombineAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.SorceryCombineAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.SorceryCombineAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Chicken.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Chicken
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Chicken$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/npc/CustomizeFaceAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.npc.CustomizeFaceAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Cat.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Cat
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Cat$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/SkullAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.SkullAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/machinaOfFortune/MachinaOfFortuneHelpers.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.machinaOfFortune.MachinaOfFortuneHelpers
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/OnPlayerLogout.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.OnPlayerLogout
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdGmCommands.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdGmCommands
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/EnchantOrbAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EnchantOrbAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EnchantOrbAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EnchantOrbAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/Holidays.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.Holidays
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/maze/Maze.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.Maze
com/wurmonline/server/questions/NewsletterQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.NewsletterQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/NewsletterAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.NewsletterAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.NewsletterAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.NewsletterAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/machinaOfFortune/CoinInsertion.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.machinaOfFortune.CoinInsertion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/ScrollOfVillageCreateAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.ScrollOfVillageCreateAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/CustomMountSettings.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CustomMountSettings
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CustomMountSettings$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CustomMountSettings$2
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CustomMountSettings$3
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/ArgumentTokenizer.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.ArgumentTokenizer
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdMassSleepBonus.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdMassSleepBonus
com/wurmonline/server/questions/ShopSignQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.ShopSignQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/DatabaseHelper.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.DatabaseHelper
com/wurmonline/server/behaviours/ActionTypesProxy.java
 com.wurmonline.server.behaviours.ActionTypesProxy
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdSendToHome.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdSendToHome
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/MissionRemoveAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.MissionRemoveAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.MissionRemoveAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.MissionRemoveAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/behaviours/AthanorMechanismBehaviour.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.behaviours.AthanorMechanismBehaviour
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/Requiem.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.Requiem
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/DepthDrillAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.DepthDrillAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.DepthDrillAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.DepthDrillAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/fire/BurnCorpseAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.fire.BurnCorpseAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/HolyBookPrayAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.HolyBookPrayAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/PortableBankAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.PortableBankAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/npc/ManageBehaviourProvider.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.npc.ManageBehaviourProvider
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/death/DeathAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.death.DeathAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/life/GrowTreesAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.life.GrowTreesAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/AddActions.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.AddActions
com/wurmonline/server/questions/HeraldicQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.HeraldicQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/RequiemReloadAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.RequiemReloadAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/MissionCreator.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.MissionCreator
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemAnniversaryGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemAnniversaryGift
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemValentinesGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemValentinesGift
com/wurmonline/server/questions/TentSleepQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.TentSleepQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/HorseScrollAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.HorseScrollAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.HorseScrollAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.HorseScrollAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/SpawnTowerGuardAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.SpawnTowerGuardAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/OnPlayerLogin.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.OnPlayerLogin
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdMovePlayer.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdMovePlayer
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Horse.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Horse
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Horse$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/HeraldicCertificateAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.HeraldicCertificateAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemThanksgivingGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemThanksgivingGift
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdTraderReset.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdTraderReset
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/Constants.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.Constants
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Zebra.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Zebra
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Zebra$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/labyrinth/LabyrinthPerformer.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthPerformer
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthPerformer$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthPerformer$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/maze/TileBorderMaze.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.TileBorderMaze
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/AchievementChanges.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.AchievementChanges
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/CreatureReportAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.CreatureReportAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.CreatureReportAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.CreatureReportAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/templates/ScrollTemplate.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.templates.ScrollTemplate
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemVictoriaDayGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemVictoriaDayGift
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/decorative/ShopSigns.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.ShopSigns
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.ShopSigns$Applicables
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.ShopSigns$AuxApplicable
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.ShopSigns$IApplicable
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/labyrinth/LabyrinthRemoveAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthRemoveAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthRemoveAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthRemoveAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/PlaceGemAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.PlaceGemAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.PlaceGemAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.PlaceGemAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/maze/events/GrowMazeHedgeEvent.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.events.GrowMazeHedgeEvent
com/wurmonline/server/questions/NewSpawnQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.NewSpawnQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/GemSmashAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.GemSmashAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Cow.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Cow
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Cow$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/templates/Location.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.templates.Location
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/BartenderFoodAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.BartenderFoodAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.BartenderFoodAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.BartenderFoodAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/RequiemLogging.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.RequiemLogging
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/ConvertWoodTypeAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.ConvertWoodTypeAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/ScrollOfVillageWarAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.ScrollOfVillageWarAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/Caches.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Caches
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/SmashAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.SmashAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.SmashAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.SmashAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/StealthAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.StealthAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.StealthAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.StealthAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/maze/events/CreateMazeHedgeEvent.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.events.CreateMazeHedgeEvent
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/templates/StructureTemplate.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.templates.StructureTemplate
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/ArrowPackUnpackAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.ArrowPackUnpackAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.ArrowPackUnpackAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.ArrowPackUnpackAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/tools/RequiemTools.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.tools.RequiemTools
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/UseEnchantScrollAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.UseEnchantScrollAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/labyrinth/LabyrinthMenuProvider.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthMenuProvider
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/AffinityCatcherConsumeAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityCatcherConsumeAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityCatcherConsumeAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityCatcherConsumeAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/TransferUtils.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.TransferUtils
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/tools/CmdTools.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.tools.CmdTools
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/Spawn.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.Spawn
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/CustomItems.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.CustomItems
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/ItemRemoval.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemRemoval
com/wurmonline/server/questions/NewPlayerQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.NewPlayerQuestion
com/wurmonline/server/questions/LeaderboardSkillQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.LeaderboardSkillQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/OnServerStarted.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.OnServerStarted
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/TreasureBoxAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.TreasureBoxAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.TreasureBoxAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.TreasureBoxAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Ram.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Ram
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Ram$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/OnItemTemplateCreated.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.OnItemTemplateCreated
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/CorpseBountyAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.CorpseBountyAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/vehicles/special/MagicCarpet.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.special.MagicCarpet
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.special.MagicCarpet$1
com/wurmonline/server/questions/LeaderboardQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.LeaderboardQuestion
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.LeaderboardQuestion$1
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.LeaderboardQuestion$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/machinaOfFortune/MachinaOfFortuneAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.machinaOfFortune.MachinaOfFortuneAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/MiscChanges.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$10
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$2
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$3
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$4
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$5
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$6
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$7
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$8
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscChanges$9
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Dog.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Dog
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Dog$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/decorative/DecorativeKingdoms.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.DecorativeKingdoms
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.DecorativeKingdoms$Applicables
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.DecorativeKingdoms$AuxApplicable
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.DecorativeKingdoms$Data1Applicable
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.DecorativeKingdoms$IApplicable
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.decorative.DecorativeKingdoms$TowerApplicable
com/wurmonline/server/questions/HealingFountainQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.HealingFountainQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/BookConversionAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.BookConversionAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.BookConversionAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.BookConversionAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/HealingFountainAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.HealingFountainAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/OpenCrateAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.OpenCrateAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.OpenCrateAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.OpenCrateAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/CreatureTemplateModifier.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CreatureTemplateModifier
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/LootTable.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.LootTable
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/CustomTitles.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.CustomTitles
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdMassBuff.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdMassBuff
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Pig.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Pig
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Pig$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemNewYearGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemNewYearGift
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/BuyStarterKitAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.BuyStarterKitAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.BuyStarterKitAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.BuyStarterKitAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/terrain/SmoothTerrainAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.terrain.SmoothTerrainAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.terrain.SmoothTerrainAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.terrain.SmoothTerrainAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/AffinityOrbAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityOrbAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityOrbAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityOrbAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/SupplyDepotAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.SupplyDepotAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.SupplyDepotAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.SupplyDepotAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdFillUp.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdFillUp
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/MissionAddAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.MissionAddAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.MissionAddAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.MissionAddAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/CreateSnowballAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.CreateSnowballAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemCanadaDayGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemCanadaDayGift
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/Bounty.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.Bounty
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/labyrinth/LabyrinthAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Foal.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Foal
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Foal$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/OnServerPoll.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.OnServerPoll
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.OnServerPoll$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.OnServerPoll$1$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/maze/TileMaze.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.TileMaze
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/Crystals.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Crystals
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/SkillChanges.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.SkillChanges
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/frost/FreezeLavaAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.frost.FreezeLavaAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/CustomCreatures.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CustomCreatures
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/TreasureCacheOpenAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.TreasureCacheOpenAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.TreasureCacheOpenAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.TreasureCacheOpenAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/DeityChanges.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.DeityChanges
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemIndependenceDayGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemIndependenceDayGift
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdGoTo.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdGoTo
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/templates/EnchantScrollTemplate.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.templates.EnchantScrollTemplate
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemChristmasGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemChristmasGift
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/tools/RandomUtils.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.tools.RandomUtils
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/CustomItemCreationEntries.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.CustomItemCreationEntries
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/discord/DiscordHandler.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.discord.DiscordHandler
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/GoTo.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.GoTo
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/CreateAshAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.CreateAshAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/vehicles/util/SeatsFacade.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.util.SeatsFacade
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/fire/HeatUpAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.fire.HeatUpAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/events/TreasureHuntChestAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.events.TreasureHuntChestAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.events.TreasureHuntChestAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.events.TreasureHuntChestAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/vehicles/CustomVehicles.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.CustomVehicles
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.CustomVehicles$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.CustomVehicles$1$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/OnKingdomMessage.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.OnKingdomMessage
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/potions/DiseasePotionAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.potions.DiseasePotionAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/BankSlotsAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.BankSlotsAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.BankSlotsAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.BankSlotsAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/StdRandom.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.StdRandom
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/labyrinth/LabyrinthRemovePerformer.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthRemovePerformer
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthRemovePerformer$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.labyrinth.LabyrinthRemovePerformer$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/DisintegrationRodAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.DisintegrationRodAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.DisintegrationRodAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.DisintegrationRodAction$2
com/wurmonline/server/questions/RenameQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.RenameQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/maze/events/EventOnce.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.events.EventOnce
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.events.EventOnce$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.events.EventOnce$Unit
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/DisturbDenAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.DisturbDenAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/QualityOfLife.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.QualityOfLife
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.QualityOfLife$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdMassRefresh.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdMassRefresh
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/death/CrystalAbortAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.death.CrystalAbortAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/ItemTools.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemTools
com/wurmonline/server/questions/BookConversionQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.BookConversionQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/RenameAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.RenameAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/npc/FaceMeAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.npc.FaceMeAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/SprintAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.SprintAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.SprintAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.SprintAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/patreon/PatreonSleepPowderGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.patreon.PatreonSleepPowderGift
com/wurmonline/server/creatures/ai/AiProxy.java
 com.wurmonline.server.creatures.ai.AiProxy
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdAdd5BankSlots.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdAdd5BankSlots
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Hen.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Hen
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Hen$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Calf.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Calf
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Calf$1
com/wurmonline/server/questions/DestroyCreatureQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.DestroyCreatureQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/ItemRenameAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.ItemRenameAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/vehicles/AltarWagonPrayAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.vehicles.AltarWagonPrayAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/RequiemCacheOpenAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.RequiemCacheOpenAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.RequiemCacheOpenAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.RequiemCacheOpenAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/ScrollOfTitlesAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.ScrollOfTitlesAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/LeaderboardSkillAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.LeaderboardSkillAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.LeaderboardSkillAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.LeaderboardSkillAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/behaviours/TreasureChestsBehaviour.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.behaviours.TreasureChestsBehaviour
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.behaviours.TreasureChestsBehaviour$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Rooster.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Rooster
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Rooster$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/events/ReplacementChristmasGiftAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.events.ReplacementChristmasGiftAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.events.ReplacementChristmasGiftAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.events.ReplacementChristmasGiftAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/Cooldowns.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.Cooldowns
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Anaconda.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Anaconda
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Anaconda$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/EternalOrbAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EternalOrbAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EternalOrbAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.EternalOrbAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/machinaOfFortune/MachinaOfFortuneInstructionsAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.machinaOfFortune.MachinaOfFortuneInstructionsAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/LargeRat.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.LargeRat
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.LargeRat$1
com/wurmonline/server/questions/ChangeItemSizeQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.ChangeItemSizeQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/database/holidays/RequiemStPatrickDayGift.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.database.holidays.RequiemStPatrickDayGift
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/CmdCoffers.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.CmdCoffers
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/Bloodlust.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.Bloodlust
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/gm/GmProtectAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.gm.GmProtectAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/frost/PreserveFoodAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.frost.PreserveFoodAction
com/wurmonline/server/creatures/CreaturesProxy.java
 com.wurmonline.server.creatures.CreaturesProxy
com/wurmonline/server/questions/AffinityOrbQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.AffinityOrbQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/EconomicChanges.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.EconomicChanges
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/ArcaneShardAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.ArcaneShardAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/ShopSignAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.ShopSignAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/PreInit.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.PreInit
com/wurmonline/server/questions/LeaderboardCustomQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.LeaderboardCustomQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/ClassMap.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.ClassMap
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/TownScrollAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.TownScrollAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/CreatureSpawns.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.CreatureSpawns
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/tools/EffectsTools.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.tools.EffectsTools
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/PortalTeleportAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.PortalTeleportAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/InnkeeperFoodAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.InnkeeperFoodAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.InnkeeperFoodAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.InnkeeperFoodAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/RareSpawns.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.RareSpawns
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/TentSleepAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.TentSleepAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/CrystalCombineAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.CrystalCombineAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.CrystalCombineAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.CrystalCombineAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/ItemMod.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemMod
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemMod$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemMod$2
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemMod$2$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemMod$3
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.ItemMod$3$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/commands/WurmCmd.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.commands.WurmCmd
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/KillCreatureAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.KillCreatureAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/BaseManagementAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.BaseManagementAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/discord/CustomChannel.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.discord.CustomChannel
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/KeyEvent.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.KeyEvent
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.KeyEvent$Response
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/AbortAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.AbortAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.AbortAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.AbortAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/SummonScrollAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.SummonScrollAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/tools/SpellTools.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.tools.SpellTools
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/LabelAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.LabelAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.LabelAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.LabelAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/Titans.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.Titans
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/templates/SpawnerTemplate.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.templates.SpawnerTemplate
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/special/events/SummoningStoneAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.special.events.SummoningStoneAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/MiscHooks.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscHooks
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscHooks$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.MiscHooks$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/KeyCombinationAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.KeyCombinationAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.KeyCombinationAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.KeyCombinationAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/Fishing.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Fishing
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Fishing$1
com/wurmonline/server/questions/LeaderboardAchievementQuestion.java
 com.wurmonline.server.questions.LeaderboardAchievementQuestion
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/ChaosCrystalInfuseAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.ChaosCrystalInfuseAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.ChaosCrystalInfuseAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.ChaosCrystalInfuseAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/TamingStickAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.TamingStickAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/MethodsBestiary.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.MethodsBestiary
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.MethodsBestiary$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.MethodsBestiary$2
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.MethodsBestiary$3
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.MethodsBestiary$3$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/LearnScrollAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.LearnScrollAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/CustomChat.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.CustomChat
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.CustomChat$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/discord/TicketHandler.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.discord.TicketHandler
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/Misc.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$10
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$2
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$3
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$4
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$5
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$6
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$6$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$7
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$7$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$8
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$8$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$9
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.Misc$9$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/traitedCreatures/Bull.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Bull
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.traitedCreatures.Bull$1
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/items/GuardTokenAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.items.GuardTokenAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/bounty/LootBounty.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.bounty.LootBounty
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/scrolls/ScrollOfGearBindingAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.scrolls.ScrollOfGearBindingAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/server/Config.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.server.Config
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/creatures/npc/EquipmentAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.creatures.npc.EquipmentAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/AddSubGroupAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.AddSubGroupAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.AddSubGroupAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.AddSubGroupAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/utils/MethodQuery.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.utils.MethodQuery
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/communication/discord/ChatHandler.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.communication.discord.ChatHandler
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/creatures/bounty/PlayerBounty.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.creatures.bounty.PlayerBounty
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/maze/HedgeMaze.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.HedgeMaze
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/life/EnchantGroundAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.life.EnchantGroundAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/AffinityCatcherCaptureAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityCatcherCaptureAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityCatcherCaptureAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.AffinityCatcherCaptureAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/character/ReceiveMailAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.ReceiveMailAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.ReceiveMailAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.character.ReceiveMailAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/life/RebirthAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.life.RebirthAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/frost/CoolAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.frost.CoolAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/magicItems/SorcerySplitAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.SorcerySplitAction
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.SorcerySplitAction$1
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.magicItems.SorcerySplitAction$2
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/items/behaviours/SupplyDepotBehaviour.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.items.behaviours.SupplyDepotBehaviour
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/vehicles/util/SeatsFacadeImpl.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.util.SeatsFacadeImpl
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/actions/crystals/life/GrowGrassAction.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.actions.crystals.life.GrowGrassAction
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/vehicles/util/VehicleFacadeImpl.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.vehicles.util.VehicleFacadeImpl
org/jubaroo/mods/wurm/server/misc/maze/events/ShortEventDispatcher.java
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.events.ShortEventDispatcher
 org.jubaroo.mods.wurm.server.misc.maze.events.ShortEventDispatcher$1
